docs: add docs for reworked assertionFn and new rule (#1030)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/rules/required-min-length-string-type-property.md

> # required-min-length-string-type-property

Reviewer: I wonder if this rule should be renamed. 

`required-string-property-missing-min-length`

Author: I've renamed rule in this [PR](https://github.com/Redocly/redocly-cli/pull/1039)

Requires that every required property in the API definition with type `string` has a `minLength`. 

|OAS|Compatibility|
|---|---|
|2.0|✅|
|3.0|✅|
|3.1|✅|

## API design principles

> The `minLength` property is useful in scenarios where you need to specify a minimum length requirement for a string or to check if the string is not empty, especially if the property is marked as `required`. It helps to prevent errors or unexpected behavior in your application that may result from having strings that are too short or even empty. By setting a minimum length, you can ensure that the string has enough characters to be useful in your application. Overall, using the `minLength` property for string type properties in OAS definitions is a best practice for ensuring data integrity and improving the overall quality of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `minLength` keyword constrains string values. When a property of type `string` is `required`, defining the `minLength` helps prevent common mistakes, such as empty strings. Use the `minLength` property as a best practice to ensure data integrity and enhances the overall quality of the API.
```
